hey everyone its Sparkle girl zero zero
and this video is a review on the
Carolina storm express wheel so I've had
quite a few people ask me about this
wheel and just what I think of it so I
thought it would be a good idea to do a
review on it so this wheel is called the
Carolina storm express wheel and they
also have the Carolina storm bucket
wheel for sale and they come in some
light translucent colors and they have
sparkly colors and everything and these
are like three and a half inches wide
and the bucket wheels are like five
inches wide so they're quite a bit wider
but you can purchase those if you want
to now these wheels aren't wheels you
can go into like a pet store and get
they are homemade wheels as you can see
the wheel itself I believe is made out
of a bucket and behind it as you can see
right here is a rollerblading
rollerblade wheel some screws some qec
pipe and these screws that put it
together now the dimensions of this
wheel it is um about ten and a half
inches in diameter and the running
surface of the wheel is about four
inches okay now for the review and the
pros and cons I absolutely love this
wheel I've been through the comfort
wheel I've been through the Flying
Saucer and I've been through the rodent
wheels even and this one is definitely
by far my favorite now this is a great
wheel for Syrian hamsters and I believe
believe it's great for dwarf hamsters
too
I don't have to answer so I don't have
any experience with this wheel on them
but I know for sure it works great with
Syrian hamsters so the first pro of this
wheel is the fact that it is completely
silent you cannot hear a thing I've been
through all the wheels and um the Flying
Saucer is pretty silent too but this one
you literally cannot hear anything
except your hamsters feet even when I
get close I can't hear anything it's
that silent
so if you have trouble sleeping when
your hamsters have loved wheels or you
just don't like loud wheels period like
I don't I don't think anybody does
really then this is definitely the best
wheel as far as silent as far as being
quiet in my opinion definitely the next
Pro would probably be the fact that it's
super easy to clean you just put like
yourself or your vinegar and you just
wash it out and it stays in the bucket
and you just heard snap um I don't
really recommend you get all these wet
just because of rusty I wouldn't do it
um but you can easily just clean this
part out I mean it's not gonna hurt it I
would just dry it off when you're done
and I just clean out this part and it is
so easy to clean compared to like the
wooden wheel one other great thing
absolutely love about this wheel is it
is completely adjustable this screw
right here comes off and you can bring
it down to this one this one this one
this one or this one you can bring it up
or down they also come in a lot of fun
colors they have purple hot pink they
have green they have blue and I think
they have another color I'm not exactly
sure but yeah just check on their
website and I forgot to say these wheels
are priced at I think $20 apiece is what
I paid for these and it's not too bad
considering the quality and they're just
they're just awesome we always
absolutely love them so the last two
pros I can think of is one it kind of
turns like this if you want to turn it
anyway you want to and it also can
connect to a wire cage if you want it to
you can just take this off and take the
PVC pipe away and you can even buy the
wheel cheaper without the stand if you
do want to connect it to a wire cage so
yeah those are all the pros I can think
of right now now for the cons I really
don't have any cons that I can think of
well I do have one the only thing that I
can think of is if you can see right
here maybe the camera to focus um it
just has this little grip that has like
one gallon it used to be a bucket that's
why I thought it's a bucket because it
has these measurements but other
that there's no grips on the wheel so my
hamsters had a little bit of a hard time
at first getting used to the wheel that
kind of slipped around and had a little
bit of a hard time getting a grip of it
they caught on really fast so it's not
really
it could be something depending on the
hamster you have but they caught on
really fast and they they go really fast
now without any problem so yeah so yeah
I guess that's all I have to say about
this wheel if you have any questions
please do not hesitate to comment in the
comment box down below and I will try my
best to answer them um yeah
that is you you for the Carolina storm
Express wheel please do not forget to
give this video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and subscribe if you haven't
already and I will see you in my next
video goodbye